Document acceptance test module (#28911)
camunda/camunda: qa/README.md

# Acceptance tests

> This module contains acceptance tests for the whole Camunda 8 platform. Covering multiple components, if not all together, integrated.

Reviewer: ❓ Can you explain in a bit more detail what you want to express with this? It's not completely clear to me currently.
> Covering multiple components, if not all together, integrated.

Author: I feel like grammarly hit me here. 

What I meant is that we are covering multiple components integrated together. This: "if not all of them", is meant that it can even mean integrating all components together fex as StandaloneCamunda

Reviewer: Classic "[...], wenn nicht sogar alle zusammen, [...]" 😅

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module contains acceptance tests for the whole Camunda 8 platform, covering multiple or even all components at the same time in an integrated manner.
```

In the following document, we shortly highlight general recommendations and how-tos/examples of how to write them.
This ensures we consistently write such tests and cover all necessary supported environments.

## General

* For simple cases:
  * Make use of the `@MultiDbTest` annotation (if possible).
  * By default, it will use the `TestStandaloneBroker` class to reduce the scope to a minimum.
  * The `@MutliDbTest` annotation will ensure that your test is tagged as a test that should be executed against multiple secondary storage, such as Elasticsearch (ES), OpenSearch (OS), RDBMS, etc.
  * The `@MutliDbTest` annotation will mark your test class with `@ExtendsWith` using the `CamundaMultiDBExtension`.
  * The execution against different secondary storage is done on our CI.yml GitHub workflow, where separate jobs exist. A specific test property is set for the database type, allowing the extension to configure the test application correctly (specific Exporter, etc.).
* For advanced cases:
  * This might apply when you want to run the complete platform or need to configure the broker test application.

>   * To run the complete platform, you can use `TestSimpleCamundaApplication`, which bundles all components together.

Author: Yes that is my plan but need to refactor some classes

  * With that, you can use `@RegisterExtension` and `CamundaMultiDBExtension` directly.
  * This might also be necessary for more sophisticated broker configurations, such as testing different or specific authentications.

## Examples:

### Simple use case

**Need:**
* We need to validate a feature end to end, with a small scope running broker, REST API, and exporter

```java
@MultiDbTest
public class ProcessDefinitionQueryTest {

  private static CamundaClient camundaClient; // <- will be injected

  // Some logic to set up tests, like BeforeAll: deploy processes

  @Test
  void shouldSearchByFromWithLimit() {
    // when
    final var resultAll = camundaClient.newProcessDefinitionQuery().send().join();
    final var thirdKey = resultAll.items().get(2).getProcessDefinitionKey();

    final var resultSearchFrom =
        camundaClient.newProcessDefinitionQuery().page(p -> p.limit(2).from(2)).send().join();

    // then
    assertThat(resultSearchFrom.items().size()).isEqualTo(2);
    assertThat(resultSearchFrom.items().stream().findFirst().get().getProcessDefinitionKey())
        .isEqualTo(thirdKey);
  }
```

> ### Advanced use case

Author: See https://github.com/camunda/camunda/pull/29927/files#r2005658816
